Can you please tell me
what you're trying to do?
Marcela wanted to bail on your app.
I saved you.
Ana, I didn't ask you to save me.
Especially not if you want
to turn the app into an online store
that profits from maternity
and with no social responsibility.
Marcela showed me your pitch deck.
This app is about creating a safe space
for new mothers. That's what it's about.
Mariana, we're entrepreneurs,
not psychologists.
We need to turn a profit.
We need to be self-sufficient.
Okay, but I have a right to ask
that you respect my ideas
and not take over what's mine.
Are you accusing me of stealing your app?
No, just warning you
that you're not going to control me
or Regina, okay?
A NETFLIX SERIES
Even if Ana is an investor,
we're the developers.
So we're entitled to be heard, right?
That's what I need to talk to you about.
-I have to quit the app.
-Why?
Because I want to spend more time
on a video game I'm developing.
Looks like we're still in sync.
We both got texts at the same time.
Let's see.
It's an invitation to Ceci's prom.
You owe me a chocolate!
Man, come on.
Since we're so in sync,
why don't we go together?
My invitation has a plus-one.
So does mine.
Are you going to invite anyone?
I'm sure I can find
an interesting prospect.
Really?
That's great.
Okay. Well, I should get going.
Goodbye, sweetheart.
-Bye.
-I'll close the door.
What the hell was that, dude?
What do you mean?
Nothing, other than the fact
that your ex just told you
she has several prospects
to bring to the party. You have zero.
-Stay out of this.
-Fuck, man!
You can't show up alone!
That's what losers do.
Isn't that right, princess?
Your dad is a dumbass, isn't he?
I didn't do anything wrong!
It was just a party. A small get-together.
You're overreacting.
Overreacting? You said
you were no longer seeing the grandma.
What? Are you crazy?
I saw her. She was at your party.
What? How?
Don't play dumb.
Maybe you shouldn't go to Ceci's prom.
I'm not sharing a table with you.
Sorry to interrupt,
but you're both banned from my prom.
Stop fighting,
or I'll give the tickets back.
I won't let you ruin
the most important day of my life.
Oh, by the way, Dad,
Mom is definitely crazy,
but I also saw Tere
outside your apartment.
Happy now?
Mr. Juan Carlos,
everything Valentina needs
is in the diaper bag.
Hi, Valentina.
Shall we go home?
Don't change the subject, Pablo.
Take Cynthia as your date.
Cynthia?
It's either that or look like a loser
when Mariana walks in
with one of those hipster dudes
she's working with.
Listen, man, Cynthia is perfect for you.
Think about it.
-This will be the perfect party.
-Perfect!
I got the most amazing dress.
Mine too. It's on hold.
Really? Mine too!
I'll show you mine, and you show me yours.
All right.
Let's see.
No way. It's the same dress.
-I chose mine first.
-No, I found it first!
Dude, the dress is form-fitting.
It'll look way better on me.
-What?
-Seriously, Ceci.
Buy another dress.
Don't embarrass yourself.
The dress is mine, period.
Hello?
I have several missed calls from you.
Tell me. What can I do for you?
This is going to sound crazy.
-Ana told me that--
-It's true.
I was outside your apartment, yes.
Unfortunately, Ana and Ceci saw me there.
Why were you here?
-Are you stalking me?
-Of course not.
Why don't you ask your brother Víctor
what we were doing there?
Víctor?
Yes, Víctor.
You know what? Don't call me again.
That was very good.
Your mask is going to crack.
Valentina, which side is the front?
Altagracia, any chance
you packed a diaper-changing manual?
Just place the girl on top of the diaper.
Then fold it up and fasten the tabs.
Pay attention to the front side.
That's the problem.
I can't tell which side is the front.
Well, me neither, sir.
That's why Mrs. Ana hired a nanny.
Thanks for nothing, Altagracia. Goodbye.
Hell yeah!
What's up?
Hey, do you have time to do me a favor?
Sure. Is this a math problem?
It's a little more complex than that.
I'm so worried.
Come on, Mariana.
Can we talk about something
other than Ana?
No, we can't.
Now she wants to sell
heels, sexy lingerie,
and expensive makeup through my app.
This stuff has nothing to do
with maternity!
Everything is negotiable.
Well, not this.
You know what else she said?
She's preparing a pitch
for an important client.
She's so annoying.
Some say there's a thin line
between love and hate.
And you look furious.
Maybe you're not over her.
Stop projecting
your lesbian fantasies onto me.
The point is, I'm not rolling over.
Yeah, I get that.
You know what else I get?
I'm a partner in the app, right?
I own a tiny share,
which means I can go to the office
and help you control Miss Perfect.
-Hi, Ana.
-Cynthia.
The graphics you sent me
for Patricia's pitch are perfect.
Thanks, Ana. I'm glad you liked them.
Come work with me.
Thanks.
I promise I'll think about it.
I hope Pablo
isn't the reason you're staying.
There's no future with Manolo.
-Good point.
-Think about it.
I'd like you to be there
when I pitch to Patricia.
I can't rely on Mariana.
Actually, yesterday she sent me
some social responsibility slides
to include in the presentation.
Delete them.
We don't want to spook the client.
Yeah, okay. Will do.
Don't be scared.
The most important thing
is to make Valentina feel safe.
-Act like you know what you're doing.
-But I'm clueless.
No wonder Ceci banned me
from her prom. I'm a terrible dad.
-She didn't invite you?
-Yeah.
But only if I make peace with her mom.
You can go as my plus-one.
Ana and I have a lot to learn
from you and Mariana.
You're doing things right.
Look, I did it!
Now that Valentina's changed,
how about we play Mortal Kombat?
-Definitely.
-Nice.
-Want a beer?
-Yes, please.
We're going to have so much fun.
Where and when are we meeting
for the dress fitting, Ceci?
Oh, it's at Toxic Boutique, at 11:00.
Doesn't "toxic" mean--
Oh no. My presentation is at 11:00.
Well, never mind. I'll figure it out.
Yours will be the prettiest dress.
I'll make sure of that.
Look, I was thinking
maybe some sequins, sheer details,
or something kind of--
Mom, it's a graduation party,
not Grandma's birthday.
Well--
Sweetie, the organizer has to stand out.
Just look at this.
It was a great idea to invite Mijares.
You'll see.
When you play one of their songs,
the dance floor will be packed.
Mom, first you and Dad have to make up.
I'm not hungry.
KONENE
A SAFE SPACE
I LOOK SO CHUBBY!
-Ceci, are you okay?
-I need help with my prom dress.
Okay, but what was that
about looking chubby?
Can you come to my dress fitting?
Is Ana okay with that?
She obviously doesn't know.
I don't want her there.
She'll only criticize me.
Okay, count me in.
Why was Tere at my door
that night at the party?
Hang on. Don't yell at me.
The noise from the remodel
is more than enough.
Rorros.
Face masks.
What does that have to do with Tere?
Was she with you? Yes or no?
Yes, I was there with her.
You said you'd help me
end that relationship.
I did, but then we started
a business together.
A face mask business?
Among other stuff.
We're opening a beauty salon.
A beauty salon?
For men. We even rented out a space.
Fuck, Víctor.
Call Tere and tell her it's off.
Juan Carlos, I'm not doing that.
Why not?
In here, you're the boss,
the favorite son.
You'll inherit the family business
while I follow orders.
That's fine with me.
But out there, I can do what I please.
So I'm not dissolving
the business with Tere.
-No way, Víctor!
-Yes way.
You know what? I'm fucking sick of you
shooting down all my ideas.
You're a ballbuster, Juan Carlos.
A ballbuster.
Ana saw Tere outside my place
and thinks I'm still seeing her.
All because of your stupid salon.
I'll clear it up at the prom.
No.
You're not invited to the prom.
You'll probably show up with Tere.
Sorry.
Are you leaving early?
I have a doctor's appointment.
Oh.
Actually, I'm helping Ana
with her presentation,
but please don't tell Manolo.
Of course not.
Everything okay? Need anything?
You busy Saturday?
I don't have plans. Why?
No, no reason. We'll talk later.
Okay.
Bye.
This one.
Good?
Thank you.
Excuse me.
Hi, do you work here?
Do you sell prom dresses
at your other locations?
No.
Your call has been forwarded
to voice mail.
Leave your message after the tone.
Cecilia, where the hell are you?
You told me to meet you
at a store for weird people.
Call me back.
I swear I didn't mean you. I swear it.
In fact, I love your outfit.
Bye.
Ceci wasn't there.
-What are you going to do?
-Her prom is Saturday.
I can't let her choose by herself.
-This Saturday?
-Yes.
Elena!
What are you doing here?
Mariana invited me
since I'm a partner too.
Come on.
Your products will be seen
by thousands of users
in our virtual store.
That's right. The app is an online store,
but more importantly, it's a community.
-You may continue, Ana.
-Sure.
Your brand will explode in every sense
through branding, SEO, and leads.
Not to mention sales on our platform.
But for us to carry your products,
your company must be socially responsible.
Excuse me?
Mariana, I'm trying to pitch
a business strategy.
Sure, we want the app to be a business,
but it's very important for us
that the content be sponsored
by products from companies
that give back to society.
Why wasn't that
included in the pitch, Cynthia?
I'm sorry, but I'm getting a sense
that you're not in agreement.
-Who should I listen to?
-Me.
I'm the commercial director
of this project.
Right, and I'm the developer
who's protecting its essence.
Yeah, but don't get it wrong, Mariana.
This is a business meeting.
Ana, I came here today
because I respect your work.
Get on the same page.
Next time, if there is one,
don't waste my time.
Ana!
Did you expect me to keep my mouth shut?
That woman is an entrepreneur
who used to respect me.
But her company and products
clash with my app's philosophy.
Your app was no longer yours
when you sold Marcela more than half.
So get your head out of your ass, kid.
If you want to give Regina a future,
you must change your mindset.
You have no right to butt into my life,
Miss Control Freak!
Miss Confused Hippie.
Ana!
You're just like your mom.
You ruin things.
What's she got to do with it?
You know your mom
and Juan Carlos are still a thing.
You're making things up.
Sorry, can I turn off the PA system?
Which PA system?
This one.
You're broadcasting to the whole office.
Stupid millennial office!
Mom, what is this about you
still seeing Juan Carlos?
No, Mariana, it's not what you think.
How many times have I heard that?
Listen to her, sweetie. Listen to her.
Ana just told me
you're still seeing Juan Carlos.
Yeah, but not really.
I was there with Víctor.
I waited for him downstairs.
I never went in.
What were you doing with Víctor?
Well, we're starting a business.
I'm telling you
so there is no misunderstanding.
Sweetie, listen to your mom
and support her.
She's doing things right this time around.
She's also taking a risk with this idea.
Okay.
They're finally asleep.
I was so tired from work.
I almost fell asleep with them.
Don't you hate work?
I don't hate it.
I guess now it turns out
I'm working with the enemy.
My brother made me look
like a liar with Ana.
I don't know what to do
to earn her trust back.
-You want Ana back, huh?
-Yeah.
Of course. I can't cope without her.
Tell her that. Fight for her.
Fight for her?
With everything you've got.
Mariana is so stubborn.
She made me look terrible
in front of a client.
I told you. There's only one way
for that app to work.
Buy her out
and then
cut her out of the company.
I guess.
-Ana!
-What are you doing here?
You were right.
Tere was at my door.
She was there with Víctor.
Nice try.
-I know Víctor always covers for you.
-Hang on.
That's true, yes,
but so is my love for you.
Besides, you have to believe me.
Really? Why should I?
First, 'cause I'm telling the truth.
Secondly, because we need to make peace
if we want to attend Ceci's prom.
You're being betrayed.
She tried to offer you money
for your biological child.
Now she wants your idea.
She's planning
to buy you out from the app.
Mariana, I heard everything.
She wants to cut you off.
They can't do that to me. It's my idea.
-What am I supposed to do?
-I don't know.
I'd sell it if I were you.
It's too much drama.
You lied to me.
You sent me to a different store.
Because you don't care about my life.
You only care about the dress.
Hi, how are you all?
I wanted to tell you I have my prom dress…
-That's not true.
-I don't want to brag, but it's amazing…
You're mad at what's going on
between your dad and me.
But I want to be with you
when you choose your dress.
Mom, stop it.
Seriously, don't worry.
Someone else is coming with me.
Well, even if Olivia is there,
you could use the opinion of--
Olivia?
Seriously? You don't even know
that Olivia and I are fighting.
I'm going with Mariana.
She's a venomous snake.
-You call her.
-No.
I don't like that Alma Toca woman.
If I call her,
she'll know Ceci didn't want me there.
I'll never hear the end of it.
-Come on.
-Fine.
Romelia!
How are you, darling?
What a nice surprise!
I'm just calling to find out
where and when
the girls' dress fitting will be.
Ana didn't tell you?
Are you two fighting?
No, not at all.
I misplaced the info Ana gave me,
and I don't want her
to think I don't care.
In that case, I'll text you
the time and location.
You're the best.
Yes!
See how easy that was?
Are you at home or at the office?
I finished my work early.
Do you know how unprofessional it is
to play games on the clock?
Sorry, you can't say he's unprofessional
if he's quick and efficient.
Video games are not allowed.
Cynthia!
These are from our latest collection.
This is mine! It's mine!
How about this one?
It's extra-extra small.
Don't be discouraged.
There are tons of dresses here.
I'm sure you'll find one
that's perfect for you.
I promise.
Ceci.
I think I found the perfect dress.
Thanks for that.
You shouldn't have risked it.
Manolo is a bastard.
I couldn't just watch him abuse
someone I care about.
Pablo,
truth is, I have feelings for you.
If you were going to invite me
to the prom, my answer is yes.
I didn't get a plus-one.
You asked if I had plans and--
I was just curious.
I'm an idiot.
Cynthia!
Thanks.
-It's amazing.
-It looks wonderful on you.
Do I look chubby?
Of course not.
Forget about all that. You look beautiful.
Remember, each body is unique.
We should wear what we like.
It's incredible.
Thanks for helping me find it, Mariana.
Take off that dress.
It's too simple. You're the organizer.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to help you find
the perfect dress, and that one isn't it.
-Ceci!
-Ana, I wouldn't go in there.
You already ruined my presentation.
Don't ruin this moment with my daughter.
But Ceci is feeling very insecure.
Can you step aside so I can help?
Are you okay?
Of course not.
Olivia said I wouldn't look good
in a tight dress.
My mom doesn't think I can choose
a decent dress for my prom.
I get it.
I went through the same
when I got pregnant.
Everyone was so judgmental.
It really killed my confidence.
So, what did you do?
I created an app
where those who felt the same way
could express themselves freely,
without being judged.
A safe space.
But how can I have
a safe space like yours?
You can start by telling your mom
how you really feel.
No. Mariana, my mom doesn't listen.
Talking to her is like talking to a wall.
I honestly think that if you try
and tell her what you need,
she'll listen to you.
Come on. Go.
Mom.
I'm feeling insecure because I feel
like I can't trust you or Dad.
I'm scared our family will fall apart.
I'm scared our relationship
will be fractured
with what's going on
between your dad and me.
That's why I'm here.
I want to be there for you
on such a big day in your life.
I want you to know
that no matter what happens,
your dad and I love you,
and we'll always be a family.
That dress fits you perfectly.
You look gorgeous.
I said I didn't like it 'cause I'm jealous
it wasn't me who found it for you.
Mom.
Estela, sweetheart!
You look divine in that dress.
Out of this world!
Do you like it?
-Shall we try another store?
-Okay.
-I'll wait here.
-Yeah.
I want to see Mariana's face
when she sees you with Cynthia.
I didn't invite her.
Why?
Because Cynthia told me
she has feelings for me.
I don't think it would be fair
to lead her on.
Right.
You're certain
you have no feelings for her?
Listen, bro.
Don't you think
you might be scared
that this could be something real?
It's really simple. Now's not a good time.
Things are stable
with Mariana and Regis. I won't risk that.
Ana.
I called to let you know
I quit my old job.
I'm ready to come work for you.
CLASS OF 2021
Hey, don't push it.
-Thanks. I'll see you in a bit.
-Yeah.
I'm glad you got the dress.
Honestly, it looks great on you.
You also look amazing.
I got hung up on the dress
because I felt I didn't look good
in anything else.
We shouldn't be unhappy about our bodies.
I really miss my best friend.
-Hey, you.
-You look stunning.
Thanks.
Shall we?
-Hi there.
-Hello.
-Are you here alone?
-Yeah.
Okay.
This is a time in our life
that we sometimes find hard to understand.
This is where we question
who we are and who we'll become.
But we also learn
that the people we love most
are actually fragile,
and they also make mistakes.
Recently, I learned that we're responsible
for creating our own safe space.
We have to protect
and strengthen ourselves.
The people we love most
will always be there for us.
But one day,
we may have to be there for them.
So cheers to the graduates.
Cheers!
Ana,
you look gorgeous.
You look exactly
like you did at your college prom.
Please, Juan Carlos.
I'm serious.
-Don't exaggerate.
-You haven't aged a bit.
Oh, hi.
-I wasn't expecting to see you together.
-We're together.
We're very much together.
That's great! Enjoy your evening.
Congrats.
I'm going to the ladies' room.
You're suffocating me.
I owe you an apology.
You were right.
I was mistaken.
Not just about Ceci, but the app too.
I understand the importance
of creating a safe space for women,
like the one we once had.
Why did you invest in my app?
I thought I might die…
and I realized life is short.
So, I decided
not to do anything I don't believe in.
I believe in your app
because I believe in you.
I'm sorry for trying to change it.
I'm sorry for trying to buy Regina.
It was a crazy thing to do.
Not as crazy as me thinking
I was in love with you
and telling you during the baptism.
I get it now.
I admire you
and care about you very deeply.
As a friend.
And congratulations on Ceci.
I hope I can do such an amazing job
when Regina grows up.
I missed you.
Being close to you feels right,
especially now that I'm going through
a difficult moment in my marriage.
My mom told me
you saw her at Juan Carlos's place,
but she was there with Víctor.
Juan Carlos didn't know.
Ana?
Where are you, girlfriend?
-Guess what?
-What?
They're about to play our song!
Come.
Mom bribed the DJ.
I don't know what happened
between Ana and me,
but I'll follow your advice to the end.
Even if it hurts, like the song says.
Losing the battle
I'm a soldier of love
In this war between us…
It'd be great
if you and I could remain friends.
Definitely.
Hey, since we're friends and all,
there's something I want to say.
I'm not an América fan.
-No.
-Hey, come on.
Wait, Pablo!
I'm a Pumas fan!
I was scared you'd bring someone.
Same here.
I don't know what I would have done.
But I'm not saying
I don't want you to date.
I feel the same way.
I don't want you to be single forever.
Let's make a pact.
If we start dating someone…
…we tell the other.
And introduce them to Regina only…
…if it's getting serious.
And it shouldn't affect…
-…the stability we have now.
-Exactly.
We did a good job with Ceci.
Really good.
Shall we dance?
Mariana told me her mom
really was there with Víctor.
I'm sorry.
I know I still have work to do
to earn back your trust.
Remember what we did at your college prom?
Don't take advantage
of the fact I'm a bit tipsy.
What's wrong with that? We're celebrating.